Master Luo, Taikun Watanabe asked me to tell you
Everything is still under their control
Please rest assured.
If the Queen dares to go tomorrow
Abandoned warehouse for washing feet
Make sure he didn't go
In addition, he will find a way to rescue
That would be fine.
Fortunately, Master Luo sees far and wide
Wei Wuchou has always been hiding and roaring
Retreat the young master to shelter from the wind and rain
The company's mother-in-law did it seamlessly
Otherwise, I'm afraid the brothers will be separated tonight
No way
Just suffering
Ah, a new queen of the Sanluo Palace
Delusions against Kameda Taijun
That's a lot.
Little do you know
Former Queen of Forest Road Point
It's my ledger in Kameda Taijun's hand
Her Majesty the Queen
How's it going?
Everything went well.
Luo Zhong has already invited
According to him
Tomorrow morning at 10:00
Taro Watanabe will go to an abandoned warehouse in the western suburbs
What are you going to do?
Then you can go with me
Just the two of us. Hmm.
Would that be too dangerous?
In case it's a trap
Not in case
Must be a trap
What do you mean?
Although Luo Yongjiang demonstrated very well
But he must be just like Luo Zhong
It is also an ally of Gui Tian Musashi
So at this moment
He should be practicing with Taro Watanabe
Or Gui Tian Musashi